with advice
a drag
falls short
it's the tchan
to repeat this year
similar to previous years
adebayor
we councilors should not have returned
is so attractive
the incident then
even who is sick
the confrontation
I'm sad
I am sure that its development
the critics of immobilism the last bd club in less than minimum time
to Gaddafi
according to the anatel
with br /
Paulo
I will
I give
the organizers of the event
the friend
now I'll give my best funchal
on the right side with the investment made
they want to sell abroad
coincidence or not
the only treatment
the starting team that started its people
I have an idea of ​​how
the elected
Speaking to Angop in Lubango and Benguela
even with the approval of the new
no one's intention
this one is also a great pilot nobody even exists since the
end of july
the case now
the soap opera
rodrigues
I'll talk
in the batista stadium
ah d the aid to citizenship
could leave china
Belo Horizonte - look to see
barack obama
he told
according to the testimonies of some survivors
not